In this video, we'll learn how to use
interfaces with TypeScript.
So TypeScript supports interfaces.
So we define an interface with a method contract
and then the classes will implement
the interface accordingly and a class can implement
multiple interfaces in TypeScript.
TypeScript can also use interfaces
to support contracts with properties.
So for examples of properties,
see the link here on the slide.
Okay, so let's go ahead and look at interfaces,
and in particular, making use of interfaces
with method contracts.
All right, so we'll have this interface here for Coach.
And so there's a method called getDailyWorkout().
So all classes that implement the interface
must implement the method getDailyWorkout().
So here on the bottom left, we have the Cricket Coach,
they'll give their own daily workout,
and then the Golf Coach will give their own
respective daily workout.
And again, these are different workouts
because these are different sports.
So up top, I'll create my Coach interface.
And I'll have a method here getDailyWorkout() string.
There's no body, there's no implementation code.
And then at the bottom left, I have my CricketCoach
that implements Coach.
So we're implementing the interface.
And then we provide our method here getDailyWorkout().
So we return "Practice your spin bowling technique."
And then a similar thing here for GolfCoach.
So GolfCoach implements Coach.
And then getDailyWorkout() here says
"Hit 100 balls at the golf range.".
Now, let's kind of pull it all together
with the main application.
So on our Driver, we do our imports up top.
Create myCricketCoach equals new CricketCoach().
Now go console.log on getDailyWorkout().
And a similar thing here for myGolfCoach
equals a new GolfCoach, and then I call
myGolfCoach.getDailyWorkout().
And then this gives us the output here.
So the first line is from CricketCoach,
and then the second line is from the GolfCoach.
Okay, so now let's create an array of Coaches.
So in my ArrayDriver.cs, I have my two coaches created.
Then I declare an array for coaches, initially empty.
And I simply say theCoaches.push(myCricketCoach)
and then push(myGolfCoach).
And then I set up a for loop.
So I have let tempCoach of theCoaches console.log
tempCoach.getDailyWorkout().
So this will print out the daily workout
from each coach in our array.
All right, let's go ahead and move into our IDE
and let's write the code.